README.md, before:

# migasfree-frontend

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/migasfree/migasfree-frontend/actions/workflows/webpack.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/migasfree/migasfree-frontend/actions/workflows/webpack.yml)

Migasfree is an application to manage systems. Fundamentally to deploy software to computers in an organization.

This project is the frontend (with [Quasar framework](https://quasar.dev/)).

## License

Migasfree is free software, released under [GNU GPL v3](https://github.com/migasfree/migasfree-frontend/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Documentation

- **[Getting Started](docs/tutorials/getting-started.md)**: Setup and installation guide.
- **[How to Contribute](docs/how-to/contributing.md)**: Guidelines for contributing code and running tests.
- **[Script Reference](docs/reference/scripts.md)**: List of available yarn commands.

## Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
yarn

# Start development server
yarn dev
```

## Screenshots

### Dashboard (light mode)

![Dashboard](https://github.com/migasfree/migasfree-frontend/blob/master/screenshots/dashboard.png)

### Computers list (dark mode)

![Computers list](https://github.com/migasfree/migasfree-frontend/blob/master/screenshots/computers_list.png)

Commit message:

docs: add link to css architecture in readme
- Update documentation section to include the new CSS Architecture explanation.

README.md, after:

# migasfree-frontend

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/migasfree/migasfree-frontend/actions/workflows/webpack.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/migasfree/migasfree-frontend/actions/workflows/webpack.yml)

Migasfree is an application to manage systems. Fundamentally to deploy software to computers in an organization.

This project is the frontend (with [Quasar framework](https://quasar.dev/)).

## License

Migasfree is free software, released under [GNU GPL v3](https://github.com/migasfree/migasfree-frontend/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Documentation

- **[Getting Started](docs/tutorials/getting-started.md)**: Setup and installation guide.
- **[How to Contribute](docs/how-to/contributing.md)**: Guidelines for contributing code and running tests.
- **[Script Reference](docs/reference/scripts.md)**: List of available yarn commands.
- **[CSS Architecture](docs/explanation/css-architecture.md)**: Overview of the headless theming and styles hierarchy.

## Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
yarn

# Start development server
yarn dev
```

## Screenshots

### Dashboard (light mode)

![Dashboard](https://github.com/migasfree/migasfree-frontend/blob/master/screenshots/dashboard.png)

### Computers list (dark mode)

![Computers list](https://github.com/migasfree/migasfree-frontend/blob/master/screenshots/computers_list.png)
